CFB5: Initial Article (#4798)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CFB/4/en.md

### Qualifiers

> - More detailed qualifiers result can be accessed via the statistics sheet inside [links section](#links).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More detailed qualifiers results can be accessed via the statistics sheet inside the [link section](#links).
```
